society says that disability is
a limit depends on you for that
change let's move the limits let's make a
world for all
that leaves Luis Lopez and bursts the ball
the referee and marks the penalty we are going to
see in this shot
you will appear
and for the referee is intentional now
I'm in the arm also sergio first
notice that the players and not what
they claimed the olympic games
assumes that they tasted at that time
referee I assume that the values ​​of real
Spain are saying that he hit him in the
shoulder
the match referee
and regrettable that everything broke down
especially by the expulsion in real
Spain is low on the scoreboard
in the unification of hernán medford
Samán the very attentive so he is
happening in the field sector are
throwing objects are throwing stones
there
that 's why he is claiming and commenting
he says he gets good juan ramón mejía
with saiz martínez
already good and down here better also
Carlos Orlando Knight
and now it is very annoying to the people of
Real Spain as a section of armando
castro
as can be observed
and I am here they are consulting even
of the fourth referee at the time the
comrades whether or not you are criminal the
second
and there it is that he wants to stay there
standing next to the stick
it tells me that it has to be placed in the
center
the doubt you want to be a sign of
protest
there stuck to the stick
leave it there says Acosta and can not he
can move and he can stay what he
is doing is is an act actually
of protest in the player and the
footballers of the espanya that what
commanded to say the coaching staff
Mr. Hernan Medford already cleaned it
score the third goal of the match
Olympia is winning 2 times 0 is 31
minutes is going to launch the lush choco
where the Olympia
of Olympia
the third one if many thanks to the first
goal in arms and where there is nothing
because they gave him the annotation
the team from Spain in protest
he threw it as the choco corresponded
Lice may well score goals
about acute at this time anthony
Lusty after this release imagine
that even the footballer feels
weird and funny to have felt
You would have to ask mothers a good
data because I do not think any
footballer very few in the world will have
thrown a penalty shoot of that
way of agreement and today we see the talk
Carlos Orlando Knight with the room
referee